[Music]
each cleaning tricks that'll make your
device look awesome again we've all been
in this situation you buy a brand new
and beautiful gadget but it looks
completely different just a month later
thanks dust and dirt but don't worry
there are a couple of genius cleaning
hacks for pretty much every device out
there just a couple of minutes and your
phone or keyboard will look like they
came straight out of the box so do you
want to find out these magical cleaning
tricks then keep watching but before we
breathe life into your old gadgets click
subscribe and turn on that little
notification valve now you'll always be
the first to see all the news coming
daily from the bright side of life
number 8 clean your speakers using a
lint roller speakers aren't only an
outstanding device for your favorite
music they're also a magnet for all the
dust on the planet seriously how do they
always end up so dirty and cleaning them
is a real challenge to dusters or paper
towels are basically no help and they
somehow make the speakers look even
worse in this situation it's a simple
lint roller that will come to your
rescue just roll it over the speakers
and it will get all the dust off
moreover this procedure can seriously
improve the sound quality one more
reason to try it out right now
number 7 clean your earbuds using a
toothbrush a toothbrush is great not
only for your teeth but for your ear
buds as well there are a lot of
hard-to-reach areas there which is why
they're so hard to clean properly but
not with a toothbrush put a piece of
paper or a towel on the table unplug
your ear buds and gently scrub them with
a toothbrush use circular sweeping
motions don't wet your toothbrush or you
can damage your ear buds dry scrubbing
will clean everything out just fine be
especially careful with the ear openings
if you brush these areas too hard you
bushier wax and all the other dirt and
dust deeper into them which will make it
almost impossible to clean them this
method of cleaning is also very helpful
for your phone specifically for your
loudspeaker SIM card slot and volume
buttons don't forget that if you want to
use this toothbrush for regular
cleanings you should put it through a
dishwasher or boil it for a while to
clean it by the way just so you know
toothbrushes with nylon bristles are the
best for cleaning purposes because nylon
breaks up static electricity
this makes the cleaning as safe for the
device as it can be number 6
clean wires using an eraser wires
especially earphone wires are usually
quite tricky not everything will work
for them and the obvious choice is like
pricey cleaners containing alcohol can
make the situation even worse after such
cleanings the wires very often become
sticky or even worse the device stops
working altogether in reality the
solution isn't that hard to find it's
right on your desk and it's an eraser it
will clean all the dirt right off your
earphones in seconds making them
perfectly white black gore brightly
colored again number 5
clean your headphone jack using an
interdental brush let's finish our your
phone's topic with a headphone jack this
is definitely one of the most
problematic areas your task is to clean
everything inside without damaging any
of the delicate details that can render
the headphone jack completely useless
and you can achieve all of this with an
interdental brush the main advantage is
that it's pretty much the same shape and
size as the headphone jack itself which
makes it perfect for cleaning your
gadget gently and carefully just don't
forget to turn your device off before
your big clean number 4
clean your keyboard using tape we all
spend an unbelievable amount of time in
front of a computer screen whether it's
for work studying or fun and a lot of us
enjoy a snack while surfing the internet
as a result after
month of regularly using a brand new
keyboard it looks like a complete mess
but it's going to be fine if you have
some scotch tape no matter how
impossible it seems to pull all the dirt
and crumbs out of the areas in between
the keys scotch tape will do it in one
simple move you can also use sticky
notes make sure you put it on your
keyboard with the sticky side facing
both toward you and away from you this
will double the effect number three
clean your gadgets screen with a
microfiber cloth a lot of people make
the mistake of using a paper towel to
clean their devices screen never do that
again
true paper towels get rid of dust but
they can bring even more serious
problems tiny and annoying scratches
instead use microfiber cloths they will
be just as effective and won't leave any
unwanted scratches or spots the same
goes for coffee filters they don't
contain any naps fabric thus providing
soft cleaning and making your gadgets
screen look as neat as it was when you
bought it
number two clean USB ports using a
self-made plate just like headphone
jacks USB ports are really sensitive
areas on your devices so you should
think twice before finding methods to
clean them however you can still do
everything by yourself just make a plate
to help you all you need is an elastic
stick or plate superglue and something
synthetic for the cleaning itself stick
them for example apply stickum to the
stick or plate which should be a bit
narrower than the USB post itself don't
forget to spread the glue evenly on the
stickum so that there are no bumps that
can make it difficult to remove the
plate from the USB port afterward when
the glue dries its cleaning time put the
stickum side of the plate into the USB
port pull it out and enjoy your super
clear device
number one clean your glass phone screen
with paper blasts phone screen should be
treated very carefully since it's not
that hard to leave a giant scratch there
even if you don't do anything major and
cleaning them is no exception you should
be very picky about the material you're
going to use however the good news is
that you don't need any expensive claws
with a one-of-a-kind cleaners that cost
a fortune because a simple piece of
paper that can be found in any house is
exactly what you're looking for it's
also a great way to get rid of existing
scratches just rub the paper on the
screen and circular motions after a
couple of minutes they will disappear
there's only one huge disclaimer here
paper only works for glass screens never
use it for plastic or liquid crystal
displays these types of screens have
their own characteristics that should be
treated differently so for liquid
crystal displays mix distilled water and
white vinegar in a one-to-one ratio and
put this mixture in a spray bottles turn
off your device find a soft cloth spray
the mixture onto it and wipe the screen
do not spray the mixture directly on the
screen always onto the cloth first and
there you go the screen is clear again
you can turn the gadget back on when the
screen dries but back to cleaning
scratches there's another great way to
do it
polishing cream once again turn your
device off and cover all the ports and
buttons with painters tape after that
put a little bit of polishing cream on
the screen and rub it with circular
motions using a soft napkin and those
are all the cleaning hacks where your
gadgets you need to know if you want to
keep your devices clean at all times
make sure to do this at least once every
one or two weeks
unfortunately there's no effective way
to prevent your phone computer or tablet
from getting dirty or at least from
getting dirty less quickly so a regular
cleaning routine is the only way to make
sure that the dirt and dust don't pile
up and make your gadgets look like a
complete mess and what about you do you
have any device cleaning tricks of your
own tell us in the comments below if you
enjoyed this video give us a like and
share it with your
and family so that their gadgets will
look awesome at all times too and don't
forget to click subscribe for more fun
and informative brightside videos that's
all for now but we'll see you soon
[Music]